
## Privacy Policy

Jump Steve Jump is a simple arcade game built by Bevasoft. This application is provided by Bevasoft at no cost and is intended for use as is.

Application contains AdMob and Google Play Services support.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Application.

### Information Collection and Use

Application itself does not collect any personal information.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
*   [Unity](https://unity3d.com/legal/privacy-policy)

### Log Data

I want to inform you that whenever you use my Application, in a case of an error in the app I collect data and information through Google Play Services. This Log Data may include information such as your device Internet Protocol (“IP”) address, device name, operating system version, the configuration of the app when utilizing my Service, the time and date of your use of the Application, and other statistics.

### Links to Other Sites

This Application contains links to other sites or servicies, namely Google Play Services and Google Play Store. If you click on a third-party link (Leaderboards, Achivements, Store page), you will be directed to that site or service. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.

### Children’s Privacy

This Application does not primarily address anyone under the age of 13, but due its nature it may appeal to them. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13 years of age.

### Changes to This Privacy Policy

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes.

This policy is effective as of 2021-10-25

### Contact Us

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at bevasoft@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/) and modified by Bevasoft

